jenkins dumps

Q. choose the correct statements for running the jenkins server
	java -jar jenkins.war
	deploy war in tomcat and run the server
	deploy war in jboss and run the server
	none of above
	
	answer: 1,2,3
	

Q. Choose the wrong menu item while creating jenkins job
	1. freestyle software
	2. maven
	3. monitor an external job
	4. multiconfiguration job
	5. none of the above
	
	Answer: none of the above
	
Q. Jenkins uses security realms for user and group authentications. choose crrect realms from below:
	jenkins build in database
	ldap
	microsoft active directory
	unix users and groups
	all of above
	
	answer: All of above
	
Q. Jenkins creates HOME directory by default. chose correct statement for home dir creation:
	jenkins home dir will be called .jenkins and will be created in your home dir
	jenkins can use different home dir by defining the JENKINS_HOME env var
	both A & B
	none of above
	
	answer: both A&B
	
Q. incorrect statement for copy jenkins job from one server to another:
	
	answer: make a copy of an existing job by NOT making a clone of job directory
	
Q. Useful plugins in jenkins:
	maven 2 project
	copy artifact
	join
	code formatter plugins
	none of above
	
	answer: all
	
Q. choose the correct way to import new plugins into jenkins
	copy the .hpi files to WEB-INF/plugins folder and restart
	import plugin files using jenkins user interface
	both A&B
	none of above
	
	answer: both A&B
	
Q. various  ways in which build can be scheduled in jenkins
	probable answer: all of the above
	
Q. jenkins does not provide console output to find build failures
	answer: False
	
Q. What is continuous integration?
	answer: Maintain code repository, automate the build, make the build self testing, automate deployment
	
Q. what is the requirement for using jenkins
	
Q. is jenkins have a capability to nitification mechanism?
	answer: TRUE
	
Q. jenkins does not support all build tools like maven, ant?
	False

Q. to integrate ldap jenkins required special plugins
	TRUE
	
Q. jenkins supports the automatic building and testing of android applications
	TRUE

Q. hudson was earlier name and version of current jenkins
	TRUE
	
Q. is the below steps are correct to create new jenkins job:
	TRUE
	
Q. is jenkins going to be backward compatible with my hudson
	False
	
Q. jenkins supports the git version control system via a plugin
	TRUE
	
Q. choose correct statements on continuous integration success
	more steps means more stability
	more steps might make it take more time but results in more stable applications
	one option to reduce time taken and ensure we have immediate feedback
	less steps means more stability
	
	anser: first 3 statements
	
Q. following statements are NOT correct irrespective of polling the scm:
	if any changes have been made to source code in the project, jenkins kicks off a build
	polling involves asking the version control sever at regular intervals if any changes have been commited
	polling is costliest operation so we should not use polling in jenkins
	polling is usually a relatively cheap operation, so you can poll frequently
	
	answer: polling is usually a relatively cheap operation, so you can poll frequently

Q. which scm tools jenkins support:
	cvs, git
	maven, ant
	does not support scm tools
	accurev, cvs , subversion, git, mercurial, perforce, clearcase
	
	answer: accurev, cvs , subversion, git, mercurial, perforce, clearcase
	
Q. what type of security jenkins provide for authorization
	matrix based
	project based
	role based
	all of above
	
	answer: all of above
	
Q. command to start jenkins manually
	(jenkins_url)/start
	
































	

	